h1. Sort Plugin

This is a plugin for LocomotiveCMS. It was created to allow LocomotiveCMS designers to sort content types in multiple ways.

It provides a few liquid tags that can be used to add sort functionality.

h2. Installation

To use this plugin you must be using a version of LocomotiveCMS that has the plugins feature designed by "Colibri Software":https://www.colibri-software.com. You can do this by making the following changes to the Gemfile in you app:

* Remove or comment out the following line:
@gem 'locomotive_cms', '~> 2.X.X', require: 'locomotive/engine'@
* Add the following line:
@gem 'locomotive_cms', require: 'locomotive/engine', git: 'https://github.com/colibri-software/locomotive_engine.git', branch: 'plugins'@

Then add the following lines in your Gemfile to include the plugin:
<pre><code>group :locomotive_plugins do
  gem 'locomotive_sort_plugin'
end</code></pre>

h2. Usage

h3. Configuring Plugin

This plugin requires no configuration.

h3. Liquid Drops

This plugin has no Liquid Drops

h3. Liquid Tags

This plugin provides several tags that will add sort functionality.

The following is a list of tags and their options(and defaults):

* sort_by_field
* sort_boolean

Both tags follow the following syntax:

@{% <tag_name> to <variable_name> from <content_type/collection> by <field_name> [reverse] %}@

Here is an example of sorting the content type people into the variable sorted_people by their name:

@{% sort_by_field to sorted_people from contents.people by name %}@

Here is an example of sorting those people already sorted by email opt out, with those who haven't opted out first:

@{% sort_boolean to second_sort from sorted_people by email_opt_out reverse %}@

h3. Liquid Filters

This plugin has no Liquid Filters
